{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green255\blue6;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green127\blue95;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971;\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99956;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99941;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99926;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Q10. Create a class with a private variable. Write a method inside the same class that prints it. Call that method from another class.\
Ans :  \cf4 possible to access.\
\cf2 \
Q11. Make two objects of the same class with a private variable. Try to access the variable of object2 from object1 inside the class.\
Ans: \cf4 obj2.a(we can do)\cf2 \
\
Q12. Create a class with no modifier (default) variable. Access it from another class in the same package.\
Ans :\cf4 yes we can access default variable  outside class in same package\cf2 \
\
Q13. Create a class with no modifier (default) variable. Access it from a class in a different package.\
Ans:\cf7  we can\'92t	 access it outside package\cf2 \
\
Q14. Create a class with a public variable. Access it from a class in a different package.\
Ans: \cf4 yes, we can access the variable\
\cf2 \
Q15. Create a class with a private variable. Try to access it from a subclass in the same package.\
Ans: \cf7 no we can\'92t access it  \cf4       \cf7  \cf7 (bcz private is only accessable inside class)\cf4 \
\cf2 \
Q16. Create a class with a private variable. Try to access it from a subclass in a different package.\
Ans: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  
\f2\b\fs48 \cf7 we can\'92t access private variable from outside diff package its only accessible inside same 			  class
\f1\b0 \cf7  
\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Q17. Create a class with public and private variables. Try to change both from another class and see which one works.\
Ans: \cf4 we can change the value of public variable \cf2 but\cf7  can\'92t change the value of private variable\
\cf2 \
Q18. Create a class with a private variable. Try to increment it inside a static method of the same class.\
Ans:\cf4  yes we can change its value and calling it through creating its object \
\cf2 \
Q19. Create a class with a private variable. Try to access it in a constructor of the same class.\
Ans: \cf4 yes can access inside constructor of same class (private allows same class)\
\cf2 \
Q20. Create a class with a public variable and set it to a negative value. Think about why this could be a problem.\
Ans:\cf4  if we want to access it from another class or another package or subclass(such as city temp)\cf2 \
}